# Replacing the USB C connector on my laptop charger
I have a Lenovo laptop charger that is 20v and 95w. It has a USB C connector but after years of use the connector has worn out and no longer charges my laptop. But I don't want to buy a new charger because they cost 75$. I cut open the wire cable and it has 3 wires. A red, a blue, and a bare wire. I used my multimeter and the blue is positive and both the red and bare wire act as ground. Between the blue and red is about 4 volts and between the bare and red is also around 4 volts. Any other combination has 0 volts. Wikipedia says that the Vbus pin which is the power pin should be red and the ground pin should be blue in USB. But the bare and red wires are thick while the blue is thin. I removed the USB C connector from a phone charging cable. It had 4 pins: ground, d+, d-, and V (which I assume is the same as vbus). I tried connecting blue to V and red to ground and then bare to both data pins seperately at different times and plugged it into by laptop and nothing happend. I then tried swapping the blue and bare wires and repeated the process resulting in nothing happening when plugged in. I believe this is because the usb connector from the phone charger is USB 2.0. The laptop charger must either be USB 3.0, 3.1, or 3.2. I tried charging the laptop with a different borrowed power adaptor rated for 65w. It charged just fine but charged slightly slower. Some people on the internet say it's fine while others say using a lower wattage charger will destroy the battery. But I can't always use this borrowed charger. So I'm going or order a USB 3.1 Type-C PD 100W Connector on Aliexpress. And in case that doesn't work I'm also going to order the "USB Type C Charging Cable DC Jack Plug Power Adapter Cable For Lenovo Laptop 45w 65w Adapter USB C Power Connector Cord 1.8m" also from Aliexpress. However that cord is only rated for 65w while I need a 95w, but I couldn't find a 95w cord so hopefully it'll work and not melt.

Also I'm getting a 1TB SSD for my elitedesk. I had bought a graphics card for it, but its 130w power adapter can't handle the energy requirements of the GPU. I then also had to find a 230w power adapter on Aliexpress.

To be continued. I'll update by blog when I actually recieve the parts and hopefully I don't get scammed and they actually work.
